this dangerous modified cartridge makes
playing backed up switch games so easy
that anyone can do it no rare Hardware
revisions no mod chips nothing and when
I say dangerous I don't mean to you
you'll be fine I mean for me if this
video gets taken down the Mig switch is
going to be the reason you see I'm not
doing anything illegal and I won't be
violating any of Nintendo's copyrights
in this video but what I will be doing
is showing you guys some accessories and
modifications that Nintendo wishes were
illegal and they are well known
for oh we're back that's great well
quick before it happens again let me
tell you about our sponsor hetner they
offer gdpr compliant high performance
Cloud servers which consist of ond
demand cloud computing platforms and
apis on a metered pay as youo basis
don't miss out and use code lt24 at the
link below for €20 off well if the goal
was for me to not be able to tell that
I've got a pirate cartridge in here
mission accomplished this feels exactly
like the real thing and that's because
as far as your switch can tell it is the
original cartridge now we may never find
out who exactly is making the Mig switch
I mean sure Mr Bowser notorious Nintendo
hacker SL main villain got out of jail
the year prior to its release and sure
his email was tied to the products URL
for a second but come on Nintendo's
leash on him is so tight that they
allegedly garnished
$175 of his prison wage and besides it
takes a lot longer than that to design a
tool that is this seamless and
sophisticated to use it all you need is
the Mig switch itself your switch
console and the contents of your own
authentic game cartridge which you can
obtain using either the Mig switch
dumper accessory or the Mig dump tool
app we're going to have more of a guide
Style video for some of the too hot for
YouTube stuff that we're doing today
over at lg. g/f floatplane but at least
for this mod I think you guys will
figure it out on your own it's not
perfect as of right now it's pretty hard
to get your hands on the dumper and if
your intention was to use it for
pirating switch games you should be
warned that it is hard to find ROMs in
the correct format online also if you
intend to use a ROM that you obtained
via illegitimate means online be warned
that logging in with a card
that has been ripped and used by
multiple people could easily get you
flagged if Nintendo decides to employ
very Draconian countermeasures against
this device now I have my doubts about
them doing that since this would also
impact the owners of secondhand games
but Nintendo has done some pretty
surprising stuff in the past speaking of
the ghosts of Nintendo's past with two
more eShop closures in 2023 the only
Nintendo approved way to grow your Wii U
library is to pay the exorbitant
collector taxs for those sweet teal DVD
cases but this video isn't about the
Nintendo approved way is it it's modding
time folks thanks to the helpful folks
over at Wii u. hack.gu you too can have
your Wii U swearing allegiance to the
flag in less than 30 minutes custom
firmware unlocks the ability to play
backups as well as unlocking hidden
features like compatibility with
Gamecube isos in Hardware that's right
my friends no imulation performance hit
to oversimplify things a little bit the
we use espresso processor is essentially
three wi CPUs duct taped together which
each in turn are the gamecube's gecko
chip on steroids the Wii U System
Controller then just adjusts the cores
disables some RAM and enables a hidden
GPU block and baby you're
Cuban man I have really got to do this
to mind three generations of Hardware
level Nintendo game support and that is
on top of the dozens of other machines
that you can emulate that is depending
on the OS that you choose to install now
the standard moving forward is aroma but
a lot of Homebrew is still awaiting
compatibility updates so we'd recommend
installing both it and the older TI misu
to your SD card in the meantime and
there you have it a modded Wii U is the
easiest option if you want an almost
One-Stop shop Nintendo machine but is it
the best option well actually maybe not
you see because the Wii U was outsold by
its older brother seven times over it
happens to be seven times rarer and
therefore about seven times as expensive
so if you need an HDMI output but you're
not interested in the shrinking list of
wiii U only titles the a HDMI mod for
the original Wii might be a better
option it grabs a digital signal right
from the graphics chain so there's no
crappy conversion but be warned this
install is definitely for advanced users
only but there are some very compelling
reasons to put in the effort the Wii has
built-in Hardware support for GameCube
controllers memory cards and discs it
has a much bigger modding scene so it's
easier to find resources and it doesn't
require you to switch from TV to Gamepad
in order to navigate menus it also looks
a lot better which I know sounds crazy
but hear me out while the Wii U scales
OG Wii games to 1080p for its HDMI
output it doesn't do it well and yes the
Wii's output is blurry too but that's
only if you do things Nintendo's way you
see instead of pushing more pixels or
using sophisticated post-processing
Hardware in order to enhance smoothness
Nintendo chose to implement two visual
shortcuts that seriously degrade the
Wii's output the first is that in
widescreen mode games are just natively
rendered in 4x3 then they're stretched
for the final output wide screen more
like wide scam and the second and more
egregious of the two was their smear
filter that was meant to mitigate the
flicker of interlaced video and also
serve as a form of rudimentary
anti-aliasing thankfully with a modded
Wii system you can toggle these options
off and the soft mod is even simpler
than the one for the Wii U just follow
the guide at we. hack.gu
install USB loader GX to The Homebrew
Channel and disable both filters at will
now there are times when you might want
to leave the frame buffer option enabled
in order to preserve the shape of
onscreen objects but other times I
promise that you will notice a
significant Improvement in both the
analog signals and assuming yours is
modded the HDMI output which by the way
can both be used
simultaneously even while playing
GameCube games super cool for streamers
speaking of the GameCube the list of
possible upgrades feels endless for this
guy want a quieter fan great mod a cheap
connector onto a better one want to
throw out this stupid brick of a power
brick drop in a new type-c powerboard
wired cables and high wave bird prices
got you down how about this Bluetooth
compatible input board from laser bear
now of course none of those things
really fit in with our title so let's
talk about playing backed up games now
you could wait for the flippy drive to
become available soon TM it's going to
be be less than $40 and we'll have a
solderless install using this Nifty
folding cable that slides between the
optical disc and the motherboard
connectors anyone who pre-ordered is
going to be able to play both backup
isos and physical discs which isn't a
given for most drop-in optical drive
emulators but pre-order that doesn't
help me today does it so instead we've
used less than $5 worth of Parts a Micro
SD card and a soldering iron and
embarked upon an adventure of picco
booting our lunch box
and unlocking the wonders of the Galaxy
Ube you can back up your games load up
some Homebrew or our favorite you can
use your Game Boy Player without that
stupidly expensive disc that you lost
years ago the non-official Game Boy
experience is honestly better anyway
once you've installed the mods you want
hey maybe treat yourself to a shell
replacement for both the console and The
Game Boy Player to give it a Y2K
aesthetic that would make Joanna dark's
highlights blush speaking of Y2K if you
want to play N64 games notice we don't
have one of those consoles on the table
that's cuz you don't need one instead
you can get a Mr fpga and use the N64
core now regular viewers of this Channel
or who follow the Retro Gaming scene
probably already know that the Mr fpga
is an open-source project that aims to
use programmable Hardware to provide a
nearly perfectly accurate retro
experience in one tiny box and there are
cores from more than just the N64 pretty
much anything up to the 50 generation of
gaming including retro PC platforms can
be not emulated but almost replicated in
Hardware there are a ton of options for
parts accessories and cases this retro
Castle aluminum case is Bob from retro
rgb's favorite one so it's our favorite
too it's a great guy but in the past you
were always locked to the de10 Nano a
development board that has more than
doubled in Price ever since terasic saw
a jump in demand and figured out that
Gamers were using it to play games
thankfully though a clone board using
the same fpga chip is coming soon TM at
the d1's original $99 price tag just uh
don't tell Nintendo speaking of if
you're even more price conscious you'll
be glad to know that PC software
emulation is better than ever and not
just for the N64 dolphin the best
GameCube in Wii Emulator can boost both
smoothness and Fidelity and all it costs
you is a little bit of ACC accuracy but
that's just the tip of the iceberg there
are other projects like N64 recm that
are providing tools to simplify
recompiling the code of fifth generation
Nintendo games to run natively on PC
this will unlock quality of life
upgrades like widescreen support and
higher frame rates to make them more
enjoyable than ever before in fact this
one might be worth a dedicated video so
uh give us a thumbs up and leave a
comment if that's what you want to see I
can't wait to see some of the mods that
are going to show up for the these older
games mods can long extend the life of
products that you already own and while
I understand Nintendo's perspective that
this type of modding is tantamount to
piracy which harms their bottom line in
the short term it's clear from their
current diversification strategy that at
least someone over there understands
that there are other ways to capitalize
on their beloved IP that can not only be
less antagonistic toward their fans but
also more lucrative for everyone else
over at Nintendo here's what I'll say
about the current approach to shutting
down the kinds of mods that we've looked
at today especially for stuff you don't
sell anymore one it's not going to work
on their own principles such as they are
hackers will outsmart your DRM scheme
two some of the highest software attach
rates of consoles past were easy targets
for pirates meaning there may not be a
direct long-term correlation between a
platform's resilience to piracy and
higher game sales and number three
history has shown that the only way to
effectively combat theft or piracy is to
make paying for games a better
experience than downloading them and I
promise you that if Nintendo Hardware
was the best and smoothest way to
experience Nintendo software switch
emulation on handheld PCS wouldn't seem
like such a threat just like our sponsor
won't seem like a threat thanks to the
smooth segue to Rocket money at this
point it seems like almost every product
and service has moved to a subscription
model which can make it all too easy for
your hard-earned cash to start
disappearing from your bank account but
rocket money wants to help by putting
control back in your capable hands are
you getting lost in the weeds of all
those subscriptions rocket money makes
it simple to round them all up and
cancel the ones you don't use just a
couple clicks and you're free the best
part they can even help with things like
your phone or internet bill just upload
your bill onto rocket money and they can
negotiate the best rates on your behalf
go to Rocket money.com /lt or click the
link in the description to get started
for free you can also unlock even more
features with
premium if you guys enjoyed this video
maybe check out the one we did on
upgrading older gaming machines like my
Sega Game Gear and David who wrote this
video's PlayStation vaa